UPDATES:

06.01.22

As Ambrosus Cryptonomics have changed, the Reward estimation scripts have been updated accordingly. 
Treasury lowered to 30%, inflation changed to fixed amb amount of 14 amb every Block (5 seconds).
I will not update the whole Touchbar setup for now, as it's much easier to just overwrite the updated snippets in the better touch tool setup and 
set the node configuration. As the Macbook Touchbar has been discontinued by Apple, this part of the github will not have priority for now. 
Feel free to get back to me for support on this. 

To use these scripts on a mac without touchbar, just delete the -- in front of lines 185 and 190, 
copy into the apple script edtor and run (you can save as app and put it into the library/scripts folder to have it in the top screen bar, if activated.


25.11.21

The Atlas Payout Contract address changed to 0xB040E8C55F0bFE4e7f3de6eE570Ebf95EA689023.
It has been changed in the Atlas payout script. Easiest is to just exchange the Address in line 92 of your setup script from 0x77C70B382bEf2Ff2D01E25902d0D338586b51Df6 
↓  to
0xB040E8C55F0bFE4e7f3de6eE570Ebf95EA689023

14.07.21

Changed standard folder in the telegram notification, 
Apollo Reward and Atlas Reward scripts to '/root/' to work for 95% of users out of the gate.
NO CODE CHANGE 

10.07.21

AMB-Dashboard 3.7 2-character fix
If suddenly your Dashboard doesn't show rewards for Apollo Nodes since around today, 
just erase -- in the beginning of line 151 of the Reward estimation script. Code Snippets and the whole setup have been updated.

08.07.21

AMB-Dashboard 3.7
- Found that Atlas Bundles are cast differently in the API, which needed minor changes in the scripts. 
- Atlas Main Stats and Multiple Atlas Main Stats Code Snippets have been updated accordingly.

05.07.21

AMB-Dashboard 3.6
- As the Ambrosus.com domain is not used any more I found a tiny bug in the Reward Estimate Scripts for the Mac Touchbar Dashboard.
- It's been fixed in Version 3.6. Might be faster to change token.ambrosus.com to token.ambrosus.io in the scripts by hand.
- The Code Snippets have been updated aswell.

25.06.21

In the Telegram notification script there was a bug when more than 1 new Hermes are onboarding, those info was not separated by line (didnt expect more than 1 Hermes to onboard on a day).
This has been fixed now and new Hermes are presented separated by line.

17.04.21

Address links for hermes nodes changed in the explorer and have been fixed in the telegram notification script.
A minor bug not linking apollos on offline-warning to the respective explorer page has been fixed aswell.

11.04.21

Corrected the test-net links of shown hermes nodes in the telegram script to the test-net-explorer, which seems to be offline for now.
Data can only be pulled through the API at the moment.

06.04.21

All ambrosus.com links in all scripts and Touchbar-Dashboard (3.5) have been updated to ambrosus.io. 
(I have no info on when the ambrosus.com domain is going to retire, so everything keeps running well on the old versions aswell).
For most scripts it might be easier and quicker to change this manually instead of copying the whole script and entering personal information again!

04.04.21

Telegram notification v3
The telegram notification script has been updated with new functionality. 
You have the option to calculate daily rewards into the currency of your choice.
New bundles are shown as short list. You can specify to just show non-heartbeat bundles, just those on AMB-NET or with TEST-NET, too.
Additionally estimated next Bundle price in AMB, next Payout day and price in currency of your choice are shown. 
Thanks to nejimakiya from the japanese Ambrosus community for giving me a glimpse at his code to get ideas 
for how especially hermes info could be shown in a useful way.

Any ideas for new features are welcome.

26.01.21

A new functionality has been implemented in the Automate Atlas Payout script to save monthly fees into a seperate csv file. 
API calls are more efficient now. If fees exceed 1000 AMB, its detected as a potential funds transfer out of the node and marked in the fee-csv file.

A minor bug in pulling the price from Coingecko in the last version of the Apollo Reward tracker also has been fixed.
Here API calls are running much more efficiently now, too.
If you transfer funds out of the node, the script adds a warning into the csv file that a transfer has happened on this day, 
so you have an additional reminder to correct the numbers for that day.

The Telegram Notification script runs more efficiently on API calls aswell in the updated version, but contains no functional update.

25.01.21

AMB-Dashboard 3.4 contains no functional updates, except running faster with much less API calls.
Code Snippets have been updated accordingly.

05.01.21

AMB-Dashboard 3.3 contains a little change in the reward estimation scripts.
There were recent API changes that needed adjustments.
Block and Bundle Rewards for node operators have risen from 50% to 60% at the start of 2021.
Code Snippets have been updated aswell.

30.12.20

The AMB-info API changed and the telegram notification script has been updated. 
DailyBundles and averange Transactions are showing correctly again in the daily overview.

AMB-Dashboard 3.1 also adjusts to the recent changes in API.

24.12.20

The atlas payout script has a new payout-address to send the payout-activation transaction to, as this address has changed. 
It works for now, but another update is needed in the future, I'm in exchange with the team for the best solution. 
Please keep looking for updates here once or twice a month.

Have a great and healthy christmas holiday everyone.

20.12.20

The apollo reward python script has been shortened and simplified (no functional update).
Setup is much easier now, as the buffer file is created and reset automatically (reset = change in the number of nodes in the script).
This also means that the tracking starts working on the second execution after start/reset and the first creates wrong values (full balance in csv that needs to be deleted).
Always check the values as Nodenames are derived from the address order in the script.

09.12.20

If you were disabling daily overview notification in the telegram notification, 
it was not working accordingly and always sending.
This has been fixed now. 
Diskspace telegram notification script has been slightly modified in visuals (no functional update).

08.12.20

The telegram-notification script has been refined. Daily overview is much better readable on a smartphone now. 
Maintenance of the script has become much easier. It now automatically manages buffer files. 
You just need to add or delete nodes at the top in the script.
You can now set Daily-Bundle notifications that trigger a notification once. 
A sensitivity value defines how much bundles value need to fall back for this trigger to be activated again.
This way notifications dont happen again and again, if the value fluctuates.
A seperate little script allows for low-diskspace warnings from each individual node!

30.11.20

Just added output text to the script for the cases where an Atlas or Apollo is not synced to AMB-net and cannot be found in the API.
In this case you can just wait for the sync and onboarding to complete and the script should work. 

29.11.20

A telegram-notification script was added that allows any nodeoperator to monitor all his nodes. Warnings are given, whenever a node goes offline, back online or a low balancce is detected on Atlas nodes.
An overall Status overview can be activated that is sent once a day.

07.11.20

The Atlas Payout Python script has been updated, as for some users pulling the nodes public address through web3 didn't work, so this is set up in the script now directly.
If you have set up the script but didn't test it yet, its better to update to this version, as it has been corrected to run on newer Python3 versions aswell.
Float conversion of substraction variables has been deleted after a short time period on this day to the initial version, as it potentially caused long numbers to be impossible to be substracted.

31.10.20

A Python script for automating Atlas Payout, tracking the rewards and optionally sending them out to another account has been added.
There is a detailed setup guide to the wiki of this repo.

27.10.20

The Apollo Reward tracking Python script has been updated to be easier managable (no functional update).
Currency can simply be written into a variable at the top now and the guide has been made more clear in description.

19.10.20

Version 3.0 uploaded and code snippets for SystemUpdate, Parity Logs, AtlasWorker Logs, AtlasMainStats and MultipleAtlasMainStats updated.
- Logs have been shortened to load faster showing the last 50 lines.
- The System Update command has been changed to apt-get update and apt-get dist-upgrade instead of apt update and apt dist-upgrade.
- AtlasMainStats and MultipleAtlasMainStats now show AMB available in Payout(s).

11.10.20

Version 2.8 uploaded and code snippets for EUR and USD reward estimation updated.
- Now you can enter your monthly VPS-costs to be deducted from your reward estimates before taxes.

16.08.20

Version 2.7 uploaded and code snippets for EUR and USD reward estimation updated.
- The estimate for yearly rewards has partly given some weird results, where the position of the fractional part of the number is displaced 
  when Apple script internally shortens a very detailed number. 
  This has been fixed and big numbers result in whole numbers with no fractional part now in both reward estimation scripts. 
- Standard setting for Apollos in reward estimation has been set to 1000000 AMB.  

29.07.20

The Apollo Reward tracking Python script has been updated, from now on rewards are not tracked as whole-number-integers, but as more detailed floats.
- The AMB price is now pulled from Coingecko which makes it easy to choose any currency that rewards should be tracked in.
- The code and description has been updated in the code-snippets and the Wiki install tutorial. 
- To update, you simply overwrite the content of your get_apollo_rewards.py and change your user folder and apollo node-settings as in your old version.

The Reward to calendar mac tracking tool is no longer maintained, as its not as useful as the python solution.

27.07.20

Version 2.6 uploaded and code snippets updated.
- EUR Price ticker and EUR reward estimation are pulling their data from the free Coingecko API from now on.
- Additionally this API is much more user friendly than CMC and 
- you can simply exchange EUR with your currency in the API link (see updated code), no registration at Coingecko needed.

15.07.20

Version 2.5 AMB API change and a little fix for the Coinmarketcap API Data handling for EUR or other currency price ticker has been added and 
updated in Reward-Estimate Code snippets and EUR Price ticker.
- I'm getting really annoyed how often Coinmarketcap changes their API these days. Thinking about switching to coingecko ...
- There has been some change in the AMB API/how Values like Supply are given. Reward estimate scripts have been fixed accordingly.

01.07.20

Version 2.4 uploaded with Coinmarketcap API Data handling corrected, new Ambernomics included into reward estimates,
Atlas detailed data pull error for rewards estimates fixed and code snippets updated.
- Adjustments happened in EUR Price ticker and EUR Reward estimation to work again for Coinmarketcap setup.
- The new Ambernomics of 50% of bundlereward going in a 70/30% split to Atlas and Apollo and 50% of Blockreward of 10% inflation going to Apollo has been added.
- Numbers of each Atlas type, which are pulled from amb.money have not been read out correctly before.

26.06.20

Added "get_rewards_python.py" script and installation tutorial in the wiki named "track_daily_apollo_rewards".
This allows apollo node operators to automatically track their daily node rewards for up to 6 nodes through a cronjob on their node into a rewards.csv file.
I wrote this in the first place, because I wanted to go on vacation without having to take my laptop and execute a calendar event everyday to track noderewards.
Then added more nodeslots to make it universally usable.

24.04.20

Version 2.3 uploaded with Coinmarketcap API Data handling corrected and code snippets updated
- The Coinmarketcap API has changed, this update just affects setups that don't use Ambrosus API pulled USD Data.
- Adjustments happened in EUR Price ticker and EUR Reward estimation

12.04.20

Version 2.2 uploaded with reward estimation corrected and code snippets updated
- as price has been calculated only for 2 decimals after comma resulting in 0 at the moment, this now is fixed.
- a tiny variable bug for reward estimation has been fixed aswell.
- link to amb-net Stats page has been added when you tap on the price ticker.

04.01.20

Version 2.1 (again no functional update, just code cleanup)
- Cleaned up the code of the Multiple Atlas and Multiple Apollo Main Stats a little more 
  for readability and maybe processing speed. The Code Snippets have been updated accordingly.

08.11.19

Reuploaded Version 2.0 and Reward_to_csv_Calendar-Automation Tool with much cleaner code (no functional update)
- Made noticeable code simplifications mainly to Multiple Atlas, Multiple Apollo and Reward_to_csv_Calendar-Automation. 
- Updated the much shorter code to the Code-Snippets aswell. This should provide better readability and overview.
- The old Version of the Dashboard with the longer code is still downloadable in the Old-Versions folder.

29.10.19

Reward_to_csv_Calendar-Automation Tool Bugfix
- In the first Version the old balance in the buffer file was not overwritten. 
  This has been fixed now and should work as expected.

26.10.19

Reward_to_csv_Calendar-Automation Tool 
- This is just a temporary rough tool to write your Noderewards down automatically, 
  until we have access to detailed AMB-net data from the past.
- Added as zipped Automator file that can be converted to a Mac Calendar event, where you can set time and daily automatic execution. 
  (Once the Calendar message pops up on your mac, the script executes)
- It writes balance today - balance yesterday to a csv file with date and time from the second day you run it. 
- It checks, if data for the day has already been written to the file and doesnt do it a second time. 
- If there are no rewards that day, nothing is written to the csv.
- Always check the results, as API or other variables may change. But normally the script throws an error.

19.10.19

Version 2.0 uploaded and code snippets updated
- Corrected API Readings to new Explorer settings.
- Added Reward Estimation that is able to combine Node rewards even for different Node types and added code snippets.
- Adjusted Explorer links back to explorer.ambrosus.com.
- Added Link to Amb.Money when tapping on the Reward section. Thanks Roman for helping me out on reward calculation.
- Updated README with new Text and images according to the new features.

22.09.19

Version 1.6 uploaded and code snippets updated
- Changed update-nop command to "sudo ./update.sh" instead of "sudo sh /update.sh"
- Adjusted explorer links to explorer-new.ambrosus.com
- Changed resync command to pull blockchain image for faster resync.
- Adjusted coinmarketcap priceticker to give correct results (api output changed 1 line)
- Added run diagnostics button (not working from user) and added code snippet.
- Added ~/ in front of ambrosus-nop in all scripts to have the scripts work from all folders.

26.08.19

Version 1.5 uploaded and code snippets updated
- Added new Stats Dashboard options for multiple Atlas or Apollo setups with numbered dots showing online status in 
  green/red and metrics adding up nodes balances, stakes and sheltered bundles into a comfortable overview.
- Updated Github repository README accordingly to make setup easier.
- Uploaded new code Snippets for multiple node setups and the Atlas payout function, which was missing before.

21.08.19

Version 1.3 uploaded and code snippets updated
- Simplified how logs are pulled (no docker container id needed).
- Added Atlas Payout button to node control dashboard.
- If Apollo node is not found in the API it is showing as OFFLINE.
- Added corrected description for Apollo Main Stats.
- Corrected EUR AMB ticker to 1 decimal after comma in the change variable, same as USD ticker.

10.08.19:

Version 1.2 uploaded and code snippets updated
- Changed the way Apollos pull state, status and blocks to work on any state history length of the node. 
  Additionally the code was cleaned up.
- Changed the way Atlases determine Online status. If node is not found in the API,
  it's shown as offline instead of getting cryptic text returns.
- Added Resync Chain button to the node control.
- Added more multiple node templates for logging in and showing node logs 
  according to the colored backgrounds I made before (6 + 1 test). 
  So people with any number of nodes have a good base to start from.     

09.08.19:

Version 1.1 uploaded and code snippets updated
- Changed the way Apollos pull validated blocks 
  as this info could not be pulled on nodes that have more node states 
  (offline, online history on the blockchain).

09.08.19:

* Genesis 1.0 uploaded



